commands/add/README.md, before:

# `@lerna/add`

> Add a dependency to matched packages

Install [lerna](https://www.npmjs.com/package/lerna) for access to the `lerna` CLI.

## Usage

```sh
$ lerna add <package>[@version] [--dev] [--exact] [--peer]
```

Add local or remote `package` as dependency to packages in the current Lerna repo. Note that only a single package can be added at a time compared to `yarn add` or `npm install`.

When run, this command will:

1. Add `package` to each applicable package. Applicable are packages that are not `package` and are in scope
2. Bootstrap packages with changes to their manifest file (`package.json`)

If no `version` specifier is provided, it defaults to the `latest` dist-tag, just like `npm install`.

## Options

`lerna add` accepts all [filter flags](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@lerna/filter-options).

### `--dev`

Add the new package to `devDependencies` instead of `dependencies`.

### --exact

```sh
$ lerna add --exact
```

Add the new package with an exact version (e.g., `1.0.1`) rather than the default `^` semver range (e.g., `^1.0.1`).

### `--peer`

Add the new package to `peerDependencies` instead of `dependencies`.

### `--registry <url>`

Use a custom registry to install the targeted package.

### `--no-bootstrap`

Skip the chained `lerna bootstrap`.

## Examples

```sh
# Adds the module-1 package to the packages in the 'prefix-' prefixed folders
lerna add module-1 packages/prefix-*

# Install module-1 to module-2
lerna add module-1 --scope=module-2

# Install module-1 to module-2 in devDependencies
lerna add module-1 --scope=module-2 --dev

# Install module-1 to module-2 in peerDependencies
lerna add module-1 --scope=module-2 --peer

# Install module-1 in all modules except module-1
lerna add module-1

# Install babel-core in all modules
lerna add babel-core
```

Commit message:

Add docs on using glob parameter to add command

commands/add/README.md, after:

# `@lerna/add`

> Add a dependency to matched packages

Install [lerna](https://www.npmjs.com/package/lerna) for access to the `lerna` CLI.

## Usage

```sh
$ lerna add <package>[@version] [globs..] [--dev] [--exact] [--peer] 
```

Add local or remote `package` as dependency all packages in the current Lerna repo
that match the provided glob. If no glob is provided, the dependency is added to all
packages in the current Lerna repo. Note that only a single package can be added
at a time compared to `yarn add` or `npm install`.

When run, this command will:

1. Add `package` to each applicable package. If a glob is provided, applicable packages are all
   packages in directories matching the glob and whose name is not `pacakge`. If no glob is
   provided, applicable packages are all packages whose name is not `package`. 
2. Bootstrap packages with changes to their manifest file (`package.json`)

If no `version` specifier is provided, it defaults to the `latest` dist-tag, just like `npm install`.

## Options

`lerna add` accepts all [filter flags](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@lerna/filter-options).

### `--dev` or `-D`

Add the new package to `devDependencies` instead of `dependencies`.

### `--exact` or `-E`

```sh
$ lerna add --exact
```

Add the new package with an exact version (e.g., `1.0.1`) rather than the default `^` semver range (e.g., `^1.0.1`).

### `--peer` or `-P`

Add the new package to `peerDependencies` instead of `dependencies`.

### `--registry <url>`

Use a custom registry to install the targeted package.

### `--no-bootstrap`

Skip the chained `lerna bootstrap`.

## Examples

```sh
# Adds the module-1 package to the packages in the 'prefix-' prefixed folders
lerna add module-1 packages/prefix-*

# Install module-1 to module-2
lerna add module-1 --scope=module-2

# Install module-1 to module-2 in devDependencies
lerna add module-1 --scope=module-2 --dev

# Install module-1 to module-2 in peerDependencies
lerna add module-1 --scope=module-2 --peer

# Install module-1 in all packages except module-1
lerna add module-1

# Install babel-core in all packages
lerna add babel-core
```
